[identity] Add support for useDefaultBrokerAccount (#28979)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity-broker/README.md

  process.exit(1);
});
```

For a complete example of using an Electron app for retrieving a window handle, see [this sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity-broker/samples/v1/typescript/src/index.ts).

### Use the default account for sign-in

> When this option is specified the credential will attempt to silently use the default broker account. If using the default account fails, the credential will fall back to interactive authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `useDefaultBrokerAccount` option is set to `true`, the credential will attempt to silently use the default broker account. If using the default account fails, the credential will fall back to interactive authentication.
```

```typescript
import { nativeBrokerPlugin } from "@azure/identity-broker";
import { useIdentityPlugin, InteractiveBrowserCredential } from "@azure/identity";

useIdentityPlugin(nativeBrokerPlugin);

async function main() {

>   const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({

Reviewer 2: do you think we should add client id and tenant id too in the sample to prevent it using the default client id?
